JP-3592: Improve runtime for MIRI emicorr step (#8589)
spacetelescope/jwst: docs/jwst/emicorr/arguments.rst

    This is to tell the code to do correction for the frequencies in
    the list with a reference file created on-the-fly instead of CRDS.

> ``--use_n_cycles`` (integer, default=None)

Reviewer: default=3 in the step code below, not None

> ``--nints_to_phase`` (integer, default=None)

Reviewer 2: Isn't the parameter that emicorr_step takes called use_n_cycles, not nints_to_phase?

Author: the user can use either parameter, provide a number of integrations to phase or a number of cycles to use for finding the phase (which under the hood will calculate how many integrations are needed to complete that many cycles, the default is 3)

Reviewer: `nints_to_phase` is already listed up in line 5 of this module. The new param added below in emicorr_step.py is "use_n_cycles". So the entry here should also be `use_n_cycles`, as David pointed out.

>     Use N cycles to calculate the phase, to use all integrations set to None.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Number of cycles to use to calculate the phase. To use all integrations, set to None.
```

>     Use N cycles to calculate the phase, to use all integrations set to None.

Reviewer: If the `nints_to_phase` param gives the number of *integrations* to use, the explanation here should not say *cycles*.
